I first started dancing when I was three
years old I love dancing ever since I
started it was just it's always been my
life it's always my passion
best part of dancing for me is getting
dissed to perform for what we love and
that's dance
we have been friends since preschool
we've been best friends ever since
I
we have the same passion we were just
together all the time and it's just
great dancing with each other
being at don't you get to have community
and not only being a better dancer but
having better friends act dance there's
never a dull moment like we've all
gotten so comfortable around each other
they are just always there for you we're
all there together experiencing what we
love together dance has had an impact on
me because it's just there and you can
always do it it doesn't matter where you
are you just need some music the best
part about dancing has got to be
expressing my feelings and being with my
friends
you